Fixed #29865 -- Added logical XOR support for Q() and QuerySet(). (#14480)
django/django: docs/releases/4.0.txt

* :class:`~django.db.models.DurationField` now supports multiplying and
  dividing by scalar values on SQLite.

> * :class:`Q() <django.db.models.Q>` now supports ``__xor__`` and will be

Reviewer: Please could you also add the new feature to the relevent documentation page(s).

Author: I have added documentation to the `QuerySet` and `Q` object documentations, but a review of the wording there may be needed. Thanks

* :class:`~django.db.models.Lookup` expressions may now be used in ``QuerySet``
  annotations, aggregations, and directly in filters.

> * :class:`~django.db.models.Q` and :class:`~django.db.models.query.QuerySet`
>   now support ``__xor__``, and will be compiled on MySQL to logical ``XOR``.
>   Unsupported database backends will convert the query to an equivalent using
>   only ``AND``, ``OR``, and ``NOT``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :class:`~django.db.models.Q` and :class:`~django.db.models.query.QuerySet`
  can now be combined using ``^`` as the exclusive or (XOR) operator. For MySQL
  and MariaDB this is compiled to logical ``XOR``. For database backends that
  do not support ``XOR``, the query will be converted to an equivalent using
  only ``AND``, ``OR``, and ``NOT``.
```

  allows specifying a value to be returned when the queryset (or grouping)
  contains no entries, rather than ``None``.

* :class:`~django.db.models.Q` and :class:`~django.db.models.query.QuerySet`
  can now be combined using ``^`` as the exclusive or (XOR) operator. For MySQL
  and MariaDB this is compiled to logical ``XOR``. For database backends that
  do not support ``XOR``, the query will be converted to an equivalent using

>   only ``AND``, ``OR``, and ``NOT``.

Reviewer 3: Please move it to the 4.1 release notes.
